here's a 2007 Kenworth t600 just got
this in front line ready as a
caterpillar c-13
in it the little walk around
I get a lot of sunlight there sorry
about that
the 228 inch wheelbase show you under
the hood here
yeah
let's go ahead and take a look inside
has six hundred and thirty three
thousand miles on it 72 inch sleeper
yeah try to get that good quality video
for you guys here it's not going to be
the best give you the idea clean
interior as a ten-speed fuller
transmission
tell you what this Arizona Arizona heats
no joke it's pretty toasty today and
hopefully the video turns out I'm
actually filming this on my iPhone so
plan on getting a better camera taking
some better quality videos so hopefully
for the first one hopefully you guys
enjoy it
and it kind of gives you a good idea
what I'm trying to show you
definitely a clean clean truck started
up just to give you guys an idea we do
have quite a few others to choose from
as well I kind of pan out not to take
attention off the Kenworth that I'm
trying to show you again this is a 2007
Kenworth t600
so you guys like the short video
any suggestions would be great like I
said I'm going to get a better quality
camera but I'd be good for doing these
types of videos and I'll put some more
videos up as well some of our other
trucks any suggestions you guys have it
also be great but anyways for now this
is the first one Kenworth t600 2007
the sir
all ready guys thank you